# 配置（Configuration）> With our basic application now installed, let's take a look at a few basic configuration and bootstrap  fles that Yii2 automatically generated for us.我们的基础应用已经安装，现在来看一下Yii2为我们自动生成的基础配置和初始化文件。## 检查依赖（Requirements checker）> Projects created from yii2-app-basic now come with a built-in requirements script called requirements.php. This script checks several different values in order to ensure that Yii2 can run on our application server. Before running our application, let's run the requirements checker:Yii2为我们创建的基础应用项目包括一个内建的依赖检查脚本：requirements.php.该脚本帮助我们检查依赖以确认Yii2可以正常运行。在我们运行Yii应该之前，做运行这个依赖检查器脚本。    php requirements.php你会得出如下输出：```You'll get output similar to the following:Yii Application Requirement CheckerThis script checks if your server configuration meets the requirementsfor running Yii application.It checks if the server is running the right version of PHP,  ifappropriate PHP extensions have been loaded, and if php.ini file settingsare correct.Check conclusion:-----------------PHP version: OK[... more checks here ...]-----------------------------------------Errors: 0   Warnings: 6   Total checks: 21```> In general, as long as the error count is set to 0, we'll be good to move forward. If the requirements checker notices an error, it will report it in the Check conclusion section for you to rectify.通常情况下，只要错误数为0，我们就可以继续啦。如果提示错误，会在检查结论里直接输出错误报告。## 入口脚本（Entry scripts）> Like its predecessor, Yii Framework 2 comes with two separate entry scripts: one for web applications and the other for console applications.像前一个版本，Yii2有两个单独的入口脚本，一个是Web应用程序，一个是控制台应用程序。### Web入口脚本（Web entry script）> In Yii2, the entry script for web applications has been moved from the root (/) folder to the web/ folder. In Yii1, our PHP les were stored in the protected/ directory. By moving our entry scripts to the web/ directory, Yii2 has increased the security of our application by reducing the amount of web server con guration we need to run our application. Furthermore, all public asset (JavaScript and CSS) les are now completely isolated from our source code directories. If we open up web/index.php, our entry script now looks as follows:在Yii2，Web应用程序入口脚本已经从root(/)根目录移至web/目录下。在Yii1中，PHP文件被放在protected/目录下。这样做，Yii2通过减少服务器的配置来增强应用程序的安全性。此外，所有公共资源文件已经和我们的源代码目录完全独立。打开web/index.php，我们的入口脚本现在是如下这个样子的：```<?php // comment out the following two lines when deployed to production defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', true); defined('YII_ENV') or define('YII_ENV', 'dev');  require(__DIR__ . '/../vendor/autoload.php'); require(__DIR__ . '/../vendor/yiisoft/yii2/Yii.php');  $config = require(__DIR__ . '/../config/web.php'); (new yii\web\Application($config))->run();```> While suitable for basic applications, the default entry script requires us to manually comment out and change the code when moving to different environments. Since changing the code in a nondevelopment environment doesn't follow best practices, we should change this code block so that we don't have to touch our code to move it to a different environment.We'll start by creating a new application-wide constant called APPLICATION_ENV. This variable will be de ned by either our web server or our console environment and will allow us to dynamically load different con guration les depending upon the environment that we're working in:1.  After the opening <?php tag in web/index.php, add the following code block:     // Define our application_env variable as provided by nginx/           apache/console           if (!defined('APPLICATION_ENV'))           {      if (getenv('APPLICATION_ENV') != false)                   define('APPLICATION_ENV',                   getenv('APPLICATION_ENV'));      else                  define('APPLICATION_ENV', 'prod');     }    Our application now knows how to read the APPLCATTION_ENV variable from the environment variable, which will be passed either though our command line or our web server configuration. By default, if no environment is set, the APPLICATION_ENV variable will be set to prod.    Next, we'll want to load a separate environment file that contains several environmental constants that we'll use to dynamically change how our application runs in different environments:    $env = require(__DIR__ . '/../config/env.php'); Next, we'll configure Yii to set the YII_DEBUG and YII_ENV variables    according to our application:     defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', $env['debug']);           defined('YII_ENV') or define('YII_ENV', APPLICATION_ENV); 2.  Then, follow the rest of our index.php le under web/:     require(__DIR__ . '/../vendor/autoload.php');           require(__DIR__ . '/../vendor/yiisoft/yii2/Yii.php');           (new yii\web\Application($config))->run();